## 22T1 COMP3900 Work Diary

### Week 1

This week, we formed our groups and picked the book recommendation project. We chose Elicia as our scrum master and briefly outlined the tech stack we wanted to use. We decided that Elicia and Bob would work on the frontend and Leo, Theo and I would work on the backend. Finally we started a google doc and came up with our six basic functionalities and two novel functionalities.

### Week 2

This week, we split up the basic functionalities amongst the five of us and completed the user stories and acceptance criteria. I finished the US for account management. We also divvied up the rest of the proposal to complete by the lab next week. One of our members dropped the course, so we will also be shuffling some responsibilities around.

### Week 3

This week, I completed my sections of the proposal. I looked over all the US and AC and edited them where necessary. I also wrote up the background and comparison sections as well as the initial short project objectives. I also wrote up the user types section as well as all the referencing.

### Week 4

This week, we started on our sprints. Unfortunately I was not able to pull my weight due to a busy schedule outside of uni. Leo has been a big help and has sinked some of his time trying to help me pick up the slack and issues with my ticket as well. 

**What did I work on?**
Forget password via email functionality and started API ticket but didn't get very far at all (Leo covered for me here).

**What were the roadblocks?**
Busy schedule and poor time management on my part. Also quite inexperienced with what we're doing so tried to catch up a bit. Forget password ticket not merged into main due to issues with configuring OAuth for Gmail on Google Cloud Platform. Tried a few different solutions but none seem to work so far.

**What do I plan to do next sprint?**
Better manage time, start earlier so can afford to sink some time into learning new tools and how everything works.

### Week 5
This week, we presented Demo A. Immediately after, we held a meeting for Retrospective A and identified areas of improvement. Wrote up my part in the report and attemped forget password email implementation again but to no avail. Lack of time still a bit of a roadblock.

### Week 6
This week, I started creating the schemas and models for database. This included goals, collections, reviews, userbooks, . I started working on the endpoints for goals as it was planned for the sprint however quickly realised there were a lot of dependencies from other sprints.

### Week 7
This week, I worked on endpoints in goals, collections and reviews. The way I worked was quite haphazard and would definitely try to be more systematic and not constantly context switch from ... I had a bit of trouble connecting different models with the MongoDB array population but population but ended up figuring out a way that is not 

### Week 8
This week, we presented Demo B. We held a meeting for Retrospective B, reflected upon Retro A, and came up with more areas of improvement and things to try. Unfortunately, had a very hectic weekend and could not do much. Completed most of the report on the Monday after and resumed working on the collection endpoints. 

### Week 9
This week, I attempted to changed to tidy up my endpoints for mainly collections and edited the userbook and book schemas. Managed to get add and remove books to collections tested plus a few other collection and review endpoints - however some ended up not working and Leo quickly fixed? Also started testing User Account functionalities and gathering info for the final report.

### Week 10
Very last week. Presented our Final Demo and completed Overview, Functionalities and most of 3rd Party Functionalities of the final report.