z5213574, Bob Ma work diary


Week 1:

We formed our group in the tutorial and elected Elica as the Scrum master. The group decided on the book recommender project and we also had a discussion on the tech stack that would be used and decided on the MERN stack. In Addition, we decided on group roles ie Front End/ Backend. Leo, Theo and Dolly would work on the Backend whereas Elcia and I would work on the Front end.

week2: 

In this tutorial, The 8 functionalities was finalized. The 2 novel functionalities are a leaderboard and book pricing. Additionally, the user stories and acceptance criteria was finalised on Jira by Elcia - the Scrum Master. I helped on the creation of wireframes and user stories. By the end of the week Theo announced that he would drop this course. 

Week3: 

I completed mapping out the 8 functionalities with our user stories in the proposal. Also I was tasked with starting with building components for the front end. I Designed the landing page and login page that was subsequently shown during the progress update in week4 lab.

Week4:

I connected the login and sign up page with the express backend developed by Leo and Dolly. Initially, this was done using Fetch with all the data passed through as headers, but this was subsequently changed to Axios with data being passed in the body and params.  I also developed the navbar for the home page – when a user is authenticated. 

week5: 

During the Tutorial, we presented our progressive demo1. Here we showcase uer login, registration and password reset. Elicia's changed ui implementation to default Material ui Components.

week6:

I added bookProfile pages and connected it with the amazon rainforest API on the backend, this was done by parametising the URL. Also Leo pushed the user detail, so I connected it with the front end. By the end of it the week the user had a profile page.

Week7. 

Added the ability of the user to create reviews and collections. The first implementation of reviews was just an anonymous review without any user info. In addition, all collections were placeholders – the user could not add any books as there was no backend for it yet. 

Week8. 

In week8, I missed the progressive demo2 as I tested positive for Covid. I continued to develop reviews where the user was able to now add their rating out of 5, a date, and their name. I also finished connecting goals on the front end with Dolly’s gaol router API. The user could create, increment, and mark goals as complete. The goals also incremented when the user marks a book as read.

Week9.

Implemented leader board in week9. This was done by counting goals completed by all users and ranking the users by number of goals completed. Also I added styling to the navbar – where the buttons show an underline when hovered over. In addition, the letters are highlighted to show which page a user is on.

Week10.

Implemented Search on the NavBar. In addition, I Completed collections, where the user can add and remove books from a collection. On the collection page, the user could also search for a public collection or search for a collection they created. Also I added the functionality that allows unauthenticated users to explore books and collections. 



