# COMP3900 Work Diary
Elicia Au Duong z5260173

## Week 1
We created our group of 5 and set up Jira for the whole team. We also decided on the project that we wanted to work on and decided on a draft of the 8 functionalities that we wanted to implement. I will be the team scrum master and work on front end with Bob, Leo, Theo and Dolly will work on back end.

## Week 2
In our tutorial, we finalised our 8 functionalities and split the user stories and acceptance criteria between the team. At the end of the tutorial, we split up the different parts of the proposal between the team. I will be working on adding the user stories to Jira once they have all been finalised. I will also create the wireframes for our project using Figma. At the end of the week, Theo said that he will be dropping the course, so we redistributed tasks to Leo and Dolly.

## Week 3
I added in all of our user stories and acceptance criteria into Jira, organising them by epics and assigning them to each of the sprints. I added all the information about sprints and stories to our proposal document and I also created all the wireframes in Figma and added them to our group proposal. We had a meeting between the team to finalise all the information in the proposal and I submitted the document on Sunday night.

## Week 4 
We started working on sprint 1, splitting tasks between front end and back end. I worked on the front end for the sign up page, reset a password page and changing a password page. I was also sourcing the graphics for our website from openpeeps.com. I also made some edits to the login page to allow for the functionality of resetting a password. Our team is using Discord to communicate so that everybody can talk about the different areas that they are working on without cluttering a single chat. 

## Week 5
This week we presented our first Demo of the home, landing, login and register pages for Sprint 1. After the demo, our team talked over the Retrospective about what we did well, what went wrong and what we will try to improve in the next sprint. Because of the different skill levels within the team, we have decided to split the workload to match each person's strengths. 

## Week 6
Since I will be working on developing the user interface for the project moving forward, we will be using the components from Material UI. We already implemented Material UI in the frontend, however, since most of the components were overridden, it was difficult to keep the styles consistent across all pages, so this is the simplest solution moving forward. I also created the user profile page, goal setting page and book profile pages with Material UI.

## Week 7
This week I worked on the Retrospective report with Dolly and Leo. We wrote down more details about the dot points that we discussed and I submitted the report. I've also started planning out what we need to do for the final report as well as started working on Sprint 3 tickets. As we are expanding our database to prepare for the upcoming sprints, we are a bit behind schedule, but Sprint 2 and Sprint 3 tickets are quite connected so that should help to get us back on track.

## Week 8
This week, we presented our work from sprints 2 and 3 for demo 2. We also held our retrospective meeting to discuss our progress for the project. I  went through the features that we had completed in the first 3 sprints and cleaned up the user interface to be consistent across the whole book recommendation system by using Material UI components across the pages. 

## Week 9
I developed the user interface for sprint 4 features including recommendations, book profile with reviews and rating and the search/explore page. I also worked on writing up the second retrospective report with Dolly. 

## Week 10
I created the UI for the leaderboard, search and user profile pages for sprint 5. We also presented our final demonstration this week. In preparation for this, I created the presentation slides for the demo to help guide our pitch for our book recommendation system. I also started working on the project report 