# 22T1 COMP3900 Work Diary

Yizhou(Leo) Cao z5261846

## Week 1

- Formed a group during the tutorial.
- Chose Elicia as the scrum master.
- Theo, Dolly, and I would be responsible for the backend and Elicia and Bob would be in charge of the frontend.
- We chose the book recommendation project as our project and decided that we would use react for the frontend, expressjs for the backend.
- Bob suggested to use either Firebase or MongoDB as the database storage tool.
- We created a doc to outline six basic functionalities and two novel functionalities.
- After lecture I researched the differences between MongoDB and Firebase and as a result they were very similar since they are both non-SQL database system. Since I was also studying COMP3311 this term I researched the pros and cons of using an SQL database system and a non-SQL database system.

## Week 2

- Finished the user stories and acceptance criteria. I ended up finishing the user stories and acceptance criteria for one of the novel functionalities and the search function.
- Allocate rest of the tasks for finishing the project proposal to each of us.
- I was doing the system architecture diagram and description.
- Before the week ended, Theo messaged us saying he was going to drop the course, so we each took some of his tasks for the proposal.
- I took on the novel functionality description task.

## Week 3

- Finished the architecture diagram and description and novel functionality description on time. Formatted the doc before we handed in.
- During the tutorial we eventually decided to use MongoDB since Bob was also familiar with it.
- At the end of the week, I registered a MongoDB account, created an orgnisation for this course and invited teammates to join.
- Read a few tutorial online about using MongoDB in the expressjs server.

## Week 4

- Registered a MongoDB account and created an organisation with the name of our team. Played around with its UI.
- Created an endpoint to retrieve all users from the database.
- Realised MongoDB node.js library does not support schema definition or type safety. Changed to use Mongoose library.
- Defined a schema for uses
- Created an endpoint to store a user into the database (Signin functionality).
- Created an endpoint to update the user info which is in the database (Update password or name functionality).
- Created an endpoint to lookup if the user exists in the database and retrieve info (Login functionality).
- Created an endpoint to remove a user by looking up the email address.
- Fixed team members' incorrect implementation of fetching data from the backend.
- Defined a schema for books
- Created an endpoint to retrieve book data by categories using rainforest api.
- Created an endpoint to return stored book data so that the frontend can display them.
- Created UI for displaying images and title for the books.

## Week 5

- In the tutorial we presented our first progressive demo. We showcased the home, landing, login and register pages for Sprint 1. We ended up moving the password reset function out of sprint 1 because Dolly was having trouble using nodemail which sends the email to a target email address.
- Before the tutorial, it was a difficult decision for me to overwrite Elicia's ui implementation with Bob's because the merge conflict was way too much. This is due to the lack of communication between teammates. At end of the tutorial we decided to have Elicia working on the styling and the choice of material ui elements and have Bob working on frontend & backend connection.
- Created the collection service which serves as communicating with the third party book APIs and storing book details into our own database. This decoupled the identity service and is also complying with the system architecture diagram which we proposed.
- Set up CI/CD process. The GitHub Actions (pipeline) runs on each submitted pull request and the eslint was implemented to enforce code style, formatting and good practice.
- Connected the landing and home page with the collection service. They would show the top books which were just randomised in the bottom section.

## Week 6

- Finished backend implementation of getting the user detail. Can either grab all the register users detail or get a specific user by querying the email address. So far the email address is designed to be unique in the database.
- Connected the user profile page with the identity service. Had difficulties passing in user detail as props into the navigation bar because of Bob's way of structuring the ui, but was later resolved by storing it into the session storage.

## Wekk 7

- Implemented uploading the profile image backend for each user. My approach was to store the actual image into a folder of the project and store the path to this image in the database. However, this was later overwritten by Bob's ui PR which stores the converted image straight into the database. I tested his pull request and I could not upload images that is larger than 50KB.
- Took over Dolly's password reset task and finished it.
- Finished the retrospective 1 report with Elicia and Dolly which records things happened in sprint 1.

## Week 8

- After the progressive demo 2, I fixed the profile image upload functionality, the images are rendered properly.
- As discussed in the retrospective report 1, I started adding more fields in our book schema in the collection service. I added the categories and userRating and pull the books using rainforest API again.

## Week 9

- Implemented getting similar books with the same categories endpoint, now the book profile should have the details about the target book and a list of similar books at the bottom section.
- Implemented search functionality both in the backend and frontend. The user can search by the book title, authors or categories.

## Week 10

- Wrote the project README file, which entails the structure of the system, requirements to install and run the project.
- Wrote a script for installing dependencies in all services.
- Fixed the search query bug where some special characters such as `*`, `.` and `()` in the query passed in were causing zero match using regex expression.
- Implemented recommendation functionality both in the backend and frontend. The user can see recommended books filtered by either the authors in the personal collection, genres in the personal collection or the ratings. There was also recommendting a random book option.
- Implemented the book statistics functionality both in the backend and the frontend. The user can see the number of times the target book was read by people using this system and the number of collections target book is in.
- Lint the code with Bob.
- Finished the user manual/documentation for the final report.
